>> Scott Moss: So with what I just
gave you, and then if you want,
definitely have that cheat sheet open.
What you're gonna do
now is you're gonna be
creating a GraphQL Schema based on the
mongoose models that we already created.
So if you checkout to the lesson-2 branch,
basically what you're gonna do is
you're gonna create a type for
the product resource.
So if we go to our schema,
make sure you check out lesson two.
If you go look at, make sure I checkout.
>> Scott Moss: If you go look
at Source > Types > Product,
there's a product.gql file in here.
This is where you're
gonna be doing your work.
gql is short for GraphQL.
You can also do .graphql if you want.
I just did the shorthand, .gql.
So you'll see some stuff
in here called enums.
If you've never heard of enums,
if you look at that cheat sheet,
it'll talk about them.
But basically they're just
like any other language.
They're just hard coded
values that cannot change.
They're enums.
These strings cannot change.
And you can use them in
places where strings will be.
They're just hard coded strings.
So these are here for you.
But there's gonna be some
tests that you need to run.
So if you run npm run test -schema or
yarn test -schema,
>> Scott Moss: It's
gonna try to execute some tests here and
they're all gonna fail.
You'll get eight failed tests.
And it's gonna be looking for some types.
So you can see right here it's looking for
a product type.
It's looking for a new product
input with the correct fields,
an update product input,
a product query, a products query,
a new product mutation, an update product
mutation, and a remove product mutation.
It's looking for all of those and
it's testing the fields on them, too, so
it'll tell you what fields you're missing.
So it's gonna be your job to come in here
and write that inside the GraphQL file.
Writing stuff inside a GraphQL file is
no different from what I just did in
the string.
It's just in a GraphQL file and you just
get really nice syntax highlighting.
So you can still come in here and write
a type, and it's exactly the same thing.
You don't have to export anything.
You don't have to import anything.
You've just got to write your stuff and
then the test will run.
So once you get all that to run and
pass, you should be good to go.
But also, if you get stuck,
like I said, there's that cheat sheet.
But you can also just look at what
I have in the coupon and the user.
So as I go look at coupon.gql,
you can see how I'm doing inputs in here,
how I'm doing types in here, how I'm
doing queries in here, and so forth.
>> Scott Moss: The only other thing that
you're gonna have to do is when you make
your queries and mutations, just prefix
them with the extend keyword here.
You can only have one type.
We already have a type called Query and
Mutation in the root schema.
If you try to make it again, like this,
it'll say type Query is already created.
So this is saying I want to extend
the type Query that's already there.
So you have to do that.
That allows us to spread our
schemas across different files.
If you don't do that, it will try to
recreate the query type and it will break.
So this allows us to extend
the type that's already there.
Apollo allows us to do this.
A lot of other servers
don't allow you to do this.
So remember, get those tests to pass.
When you write your queries and
mutations, prefix them with extend.
And you're just going to be writing some
types and some input types, some queries,
and some mutations.